{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362;}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\fs22\b Research Assistant\b0  
\par
Module: 13602\par
\par
Submitted by: Jonaid (5008578)\par
MSc Artificial Intelligence\par
Organization: TU Berlin Faculty III Process Sciences\par
Supervisor: Shady Essam Milad Khella\par
Location: Remote\par
\par
\b Introduction\b0 \par
This report documents my experience during the internship period at TU Berlin from September 1, 2025 to May 31, 2026. My role as a research assistant enabled me to engage deeply with innovative research methodologies and practical applications that require collaboration and critical thinking.\par
\par
\b Organization Background\b0 \par
TU Berlin, known for its strong emphasis on research and innovation, facilitated a conducive environment for learning and application in various scientific fields, particularly in Process Sciences. The organization encourages experimental learning and application in real-world scenarios.\par
\par
\b Internship Objectives\b0 \par
The key objectives of my internship included:\par
- RAG research\par
- Neo4j and Cypher tools for data management\par
- Learning about chunking and embeddings via Neo4j Academy\par
- Exploring nomic-embed-text methodologies\par
\par
\b Job Responsibilities\b0 \par
During my internship, I was involved in several key projects and responsibilities:\par
1. \b BPMN Enrichment Tool\b0 : Developed a Python program that handles BPMN chemical process diagram files, utilizing a JS BPMN parser and CLI.js wrapper to generate enrichment ideas and options for identified processes such as Cooling/Compressing.
2. \b Policy Chatbot\b0 : Created a chatbot that manages policies stored in Neo4j using relationships and vector embeddings to retrieve relevant information while supporting bilingual capabilities in English and German. This was deployed via Streamlit following a CLI version implementation.\par
\par
\b Collaborative Projects\b0 \par
I collaborated with fellow interns and researchers in various projects, focusing on integrating machine learning models with current data practices to enhance process efficiencies.\par
\par
\b Challenges\b0 \par
The challenges faced included understanding complex datasets and ensuring seamless integration of different technologies, which required patience, innovative problem-solving, and consistent collaboration with the team.\par
\par
\b Achievements\b0 \par
Highlights of my achievements include successful deployment of the Policy Chatbot and substantial contributions to the BPMN Enrichment Tool's development.\par
\par
\b Learning Outcomes\b0 \par
This internship greatly enhanced my understanding of practical applications of artificial intelligence in process sciences, as well as improving my technical and collaborative skills. I learned to manage my time effectively while balancing multiple responsibilities.\par
\par
\b Time Allocation\b0 \par
My time was allocated as follows:\par
- 20% Learning\par
- 50% BPMN Tool\par
- 20% Chatbot Development\par
- 10% Meetings\par
\par
\b Conclusion\b0 \par
The internship has been a transformative experience, furthering both my academic knowledge and practical skills, and fostering a strong foundation for future endeavors in artificial intelligence and research methodologies.\par
\par
\b Signature:\b0 
\par
__________________________\par
Supervisor: Shady Essam Milad Khella\par
